Bring manifests in line with odh-manifests (#39)
opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads: tests/README.md

* Admin access to an OpenShift cluster ([CRC](https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift-local/overview) is fine)

* Mac users may need to do the following:

```bash
brew install coreutils
ln -s /usr/local/bin/greadlink /usr/local/bin/readlink
```

* NOTE: The tests appear to be flaky when running from mac. Running from linux is actually the recommended way to run them.

* If you run these tests in a local cluster and have not deployed the Open Data Hub on your OpenShift cluster:

```bash
# Install CodeFlare operator
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/opendatahub-io/distributed-workloads/main/tests/resources/codeflare-subscription.yaml

> # Install ODH operator and wait for the deployment/opendatahub-operator in the openshift-operators namespace to become available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Install ODH operator and wait for the deploy/opendatahub-operator-controller-manager in the openshift-operators namespace to become available
```
